well today I got Sean Hughes in the shop
with me how you doing Shawn very good
sir now Sean's from classic industries
purveyor of fine GM restoration parts
and you got it for just about all the
important GM cars I believe yeah we
cover a camaro firebird Nova you carry
the trucks and the impalas and full-size
all all the good stuff all the all the
important ones but if i'm correct i'm
looking at camaro stuff today yeah
majority the things i brought out here a
camaro because it was easier to cover a
bunch of the stuff that we care come for
a camaro because it's going to be
relatively the same for all them now
when you're doing a restoration
everything out here is the kind of stuff
that it needs to be replaced it goes bad
it's it's it's rubber it'sit's gaskets
and things like that so whether it's a
restoration or resto mod or whatever you
need whatever you're doing you're going
to need this kind of stuff yeah anything
that opens closes or attaches to the
body has something something up here or
down there in in it that goes missing in
time let's talk about some of the things
you do supply um start out here these
this looks to me like some tail lights
headlights what would we have here well
this is going to be your paint seal kit
any time that you take any time that you
take any of your side lenses off any
time that you take into the door handles
off tail lights any of that in between
the body and the actual unit itself
you're going to have one of these seals
so this is actually the light seal this
is the between the bezel and the body
right correct between the lens and the
body itself there's gonna be a different
seal and we also have those so these are
side marker lights sorry for my wife I
got to believe these big guys are
taillights that is correct about these
there's gonna be your front markers okay
while looking okay so so we got our we
got our lights you know sealed yep ROC
Lynette weatherstripping yeah we're
gonna have some weather stripping here
this is going to be a this going to be a
crosser roof rail okay and this is what
is this rubber this is actually made in
a latex latex is a latex is the newest
newest involvement that we have it's
going to be a little bit different than
any of the rubber ones the rubber ones
what's the advantage it's going to be
considerably softer considerably stocked
up in the rover the rubbers the rubber
ones were a little bit harder a little
stiffer so when those were installed
sometimes that some toys don't quite go
well the trunk little more difficult not
what kind of fun stuff but these are
going to eliminate that now these are
all made from original molds yeah these
are going to be made from original molds
they're going to be made from copies of
the original molds if there's an issue
there the neat thing about these is
they're actually made in one single
piece this is this is a one piece mold
all the way through all right over here
we've got we had something else here
we're going to come to our door frame
weather stripping these are going to
have all the correct pins and everything
behind them with your old ones you're
going to basically pop out your old pins
you're going to replace this piece in
here neat thing about these is a front
and back there's a piece of metal that's
been actually formed into there so you
can go a little bend out of that and
it's going to contour it everything you
need you're going to put your pins in
here and you'll be good to go with this
piece and here again because this is all
from the correct molds these are all in
the right place you've done that that
for me right absolutely these are all
these are order to be in the exact same
placement is the originals you're going
to get all your all your correct spacing
and cuts and joints and subtle nuances
involved you're good to go pretty easy
to do absolutely very easily something
that's a little trickier to do will be
over here what's this second well
there's always with the convertibles
always gonna be a little more difficult
but well worth it this is going to be
actually your complete convertibles
header seals these are going to be for
your for your AR MC for the front pillar
seals and everything that you need there
once again you're gonna have the correct
pins all across there these are
reinforced with the correct metal on the
background of them and these are fairly
complex pieces there's a lot of work
that went into that yeah there's there's
a lot of thought that goes into these
and plastic industries never we get some
of these new items in these aren't
necessarily new but when we get these
things in we go ahead and test fit them
and check them to make sure that by the
time you get them you're getting the
right stuff and it's going to be a good
fit before the other thing I like is you
take a lot of the guesswork out because
there's a lot of little doodads and
stuff you know in a restoration and
you've you've gathered these in kits
this is for a gentoo Camaro and it's all
sorts of me there's a lot of stuff in
here Shawn me well what all do we have
here big big bag of goodies on this
whatever you do your restorations as you
said you're gonna be looking at
replacing all of your rubber stoppers
and this is going to be a complete
rubber stopper kit unless you're going
to have your hood Stoppers there's going
to be unlike the hood sides of them
coming along you're going to have your
door stoppers you're going to have your
trunk Stoppers and out there at the very
leaving edge of your hood where you have
your small adjusters
there's gonna be the two rubber pieces
to go over the top okay I thought this
what is that well in here as well to be
as complete as we can we've involved all
of your glovebox door your ashtray and
these are going to be basically the
replacement small little rubber pieces
of for your glove box next race energy
and and that and that's different than
this one and this one you're actually
looking at going back and replacing all
the way back to your license plate so
everything everything now do i buy this
all in kit form or what if I just need
my am I my license plate that's the
neatest thing if you just want to buy
that little girl right there you can go
ahead and buy that one or you can get by
it as a whole kit it just depends on
really what you need amazing well
another thing you know if you've ever
owned a t-top but I know it's not too
long before those babies are we tonight
and I think out here you've got is that
it is that a t-top kit I see that most
absolutely is this is probably one of my
one of my favorites with all the stuff
we do because i own a t-top so you've
done this before I've done this this is
going to be our your t-top replacement
for your second gen third gen are
basically for your third gen and 4th gen
you're looking at all the replacement
pieces that you need down to even the
metal structural pieces that you need on
some of the 3rd gen stuff these are
going to be a correct fitment and it's
going to create a lot of a lot of
happiness in your life when you're not
being weak Don is another hey if you
want to learn any more about these great
GM restoration parts from classic
industries log on to my classic car calm
and if if I needed a few of these furs
for that license plate I just point